connect to github repo
make sure it works locally first

NB: You will need to list @angular/cli as a devDependency in your project if it's not already done. The angular will be needed in your pipeline eventually.

Be sure to confirm that your project runs locally before you try to deploy the app.

US East (N. Virginia) (us-east-1).


Submission Instructions
Provide the link to your hosted working Front-End Application in the README
Include a screenshot of your last build in CircleCi (either include screenshots in the GitHub repo or upload into the Workspace)
Include screenshots of the configuration page of your AWS services (either include screenshots in the GitHub repo or upload them into the Workspace)

In order to complete the project you will need to do the following:

Provision the necessary AWS services your app needs
Deploy your application to those services
Connect your GitHub repo to CircleCI
Configure a CircleCI pipeline to automate your deployments
Document the infrastructure needs (RDS, S3 Elastic Beanstalk, etc) and explain the different steps in the pipeline
Create architecture diagrams for an overview of the infrastructure and the pipeline
Your project final project should include the following files and folders:

.circleci/config.yml
a root level package.json
a Readme with some basic documentation
a docs folder to include architecture diagram and more detailed documentation files (MD format) on infrastructure description, app dependencies, and pipeline process
Suggestions to Make Your Project Stand Out!
Make your pipeline run the front-end unit tests! You will need to figure out how to run mocha in a CI env
Make Pull Requests builds so that each time you open a pull request against the main branch, your tests and build are executed.
Make separate environments for staging and production in elastic beanstalk and s3. Deploy PR code to the staging and Main to Production.
To review the detailed requirements for the project, look at the project rubric.

;
